Expand on `insecure` subdomain in server/README.md (#11212)
smogon/pokemon-showdown: server/README.md

Yes, you can test even if you are behind a NAT without port forwarding: `http://localhost:8000` will connect to your local machine. Some browser setups might prevent this sort of connection, however (NoScript, for instance). If you can't get connecting locally to work in Firefox, try Chrome.

> You will be redirected to `http://SERVER.insecure.psim.us`, with `SERVER` converted to a format that can be put in a URL. The reason your server is visited through `psim.us` is to make it more difficult for servers to see a user's password in any form, by handling logins globally. Additionally, the `insecure` subdomain is reserved for servers missing an SSL certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be redirected to `http://SERVER.insecure.psim.us`, with `SERVER` converted to a format that can be put in a URL (replacing `.` with `-`, `:` with `--`, and `-` with `---`).

The `psim.us` domain is used for shared account logins with PS Main. The `insecure.psim.us` subdomain is for servers missing a HTTPS certificate (which you won't have unless you have a domain and manually set that up).
```
